creates xwiki project (#186)
platformsh/template-builder: templates/xwiki/files/README.md

    <img src="https://platform.sh/images/deploy/lg-blue.svg" alt="Deploy on Platform.sh" width="180px" />
</a>
</p>

This project provides a starter kit for XWiki projects hosted on Platform.sh.

XWiki is a free wiki software platform written in Java with a design emphasis on extensibility. XWiki is an enterprise wiki. It includes WYSIWYG editing, OpenDocument based document import/export, semantic annotations and tagging, and advanced permissions management.

## Services

* Java 8

## Customizations

* [`.platform/routes.yaml`](.platform/routes.yaml): Platform.sh allows you to define the [routes](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/routes.html).
* [`.platform/services.yaml`](.platform/services.yaml):  Platform.sh allows you to completely define and configure the topology and [services you want to use on your project](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/services.html).
* [`.platform.app.yaml`](.platform.app.yaml): You control your application and the way it will be built and deployed on Platform.sh [via a single configuration file](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/app-containers.html).

> > To follow the minimum requirement use at least a Large plan type. https://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Documentation/AdminGuide/Performances/#HMemory

Author: WDYT?

## Services

* Java 8

## Customizations

* [`.platform/routes.yaml`](.platform/routes.yaml): Platform.sh allows you to define the [routes](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/routes.html).
* [`.platform/services.yaml`](.platform/services.yaml):  Platform.sh allows you to completely define and configure the topology and [services you want to use on your project](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/services.html).
* [`.platform.app.yaml`](.platform.app.yaml): You control your application and the way it will be built and deployed on Platform.sh [via a single configuration file](https://docs.platform.sh/configuration/app-containers.html).

> **note**
>
> This template must be initialized on a *Large* Platform.sh plan, due to XWiki's [minimum memory requirements](https://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Documentation/AdminGuide/Performances/#HMemory).
>
> After the project has been initialized, make sure to [increase the size of your application containers on development environments](https://platform.sh/blog/2019/supersize-app-containers-in-your-dev-environments/) as well.

> *Make sure you turn on large app env or it won't work on dev envs*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> > To follow the minimum requirement use at least a Large plan type. https://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Documentation/AdminGuide/Performances/#HMemory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **note**
>
> This template must be initialized on a *Large* Platform.sh plan, due to XWiki's [minimum memory requirements](https://www.xwiki.org/xwiki/bin/view/Documentation/AdminGuide/Performances/#HMemory).
>
> After the project has been initialized, make sure to [increase the size of your application containers on development environments](https://platform.sh/blog/2019/supersize-app-containers-in-your-dev-environments/) as well.
```
